Hi everyone and welcome back in this video we're going to be examining the code.
And besides running and visualizing the chap by intensive board coming up I wanted to take the time
with this code to discuss a few key elements more of it intuition approach that we can examine the code
some of the structure.
And besides working in an updated version of tensor flow and some changes to the architecture I wanted
to point out three main points.
So we're going to go ahead and discuss these to help give you some ideas on improving your chat bots.
If you want to load the files into tensor flow just remember to open into your working directory.
You can load it the file and the folder here.
And we're working.
We're going to be examining the vocabulary PI file and that end.
The chap honors were modeled on PI file and remember if you are going to launch a chap or make any changes
to run the files and you have installed the tens or full version the Jason Pickel version and are working
with the chap on environment originally created.
Remember when you launch your a kind of prompt or your terminal to activate the chat by environment.
Mac and Linux its source activate the environment name and on Windows is activity with the environment
name and then you could run the commands that you want to use that specific environment.
All right.
So jumping into the code.
Let's take a look in the vocabulary.
Py file.
If you explore the entire file it has some really useful information that has some similarities to our
original code that we can see some data preprocessing and cleansing.
We want to look at the compiled definition so let's scroll or let's search for compile.
Here we go.
Just took a couple returns to get to initially as some of you have noticed in the main Chaput in the
course when the two dictionaries were initially created they were exactly the same because the previous
answers of the previous questions become the next questions of the next answers.
It's very normal which happens to have these dictionaries at the beginning but it's recommended to set
up two different dictionaries if you want to apply different thresholds to filter out non frequent words.
We can see with this code and arguments with compile.
But the main takeaway is the threshold or the minimum number of times the word must appear in sequences
in order to be included in the vocabulary.
This is useful for filtering out rarely used words in order to reduce the size of the vocabulary and
reduces the size of the embedding matrices and dimensionality of the outputs off Max.
It's something that needs to be thought about when dealing with your data.
Because think about how non frequent words are highly frequent words play a role in the chapter.
So it's a great method to try whose results you can follow along with some of the arguments and notes
that Abraham added in here.
Great little tips and tricks to understand what is going on with each line of code and overall just
the use of the threshold and how it can help improve our results with the chap.
Now if we jump back into the chat bot model PI file we can also see the following.
I'm going to look for real quick so we could pull it up.
The Define build encoder and we go want to just exit at this
and we have the setup or part of the architecture referring to the bidirectional encoder now bidirectional
encoding designees one or more art and cells to read the sequence forward in one or more Arnon cells
to read the sequence backward.
The resulting states are concatenated before sending them onto the decoder.
And the purpose and the main takeaway of this is that we're using the cell forward and cell backward
to cells to handle the forward and backward direction where in the original code in the course the same
cell was used for both the bidirectional encoder is in an alternative that would eliminate the need
for input reversal make the order of the padding irrelevant and remove the need for bucketing.
And we can actually see here the encoder cells the self-ordained the cell backward being created with
encoder cell forward with self-doubt and cell and the self-model hyper pro-ams aren't incise being used.
The number of byte layers and the key prob. and the same thing for the encoder cell backward to separate
cells.
Remember in a directional and quarter within the architecture.
And again thanks to Abraham for adding those notes on that.
And we can also move on to the following of the Predict batch because what the Define of predict batch
here and there are references earlier but I do like the notes on this argument as well.
And one of the key takeaways here and I hope that you explore implementing this in your chat bots in
the future.
Is the implementation of Bheem search.
It's an excellent idea to use in the main course we can see that sometimes when training or having a
conversation with the chat but it would deviate a bit with the output.
So enter beam's search in our main model and it's a little tough to show since the architecture and
updated models deviate quite a bit from the original architecture was using what some would refer to
as a vanilla sect to sect model that relies on the encoder decoder paradigm.
We have the encoder handling the input sequences with the decoder and the target sequences.
This should be familiar from the Course.
This brings us to the use of greedy decoding as it is the most natural approach by feeding the next
step.
The most likely word predicted at the previous step with Bheem search instead of predicting the token
with the best score we can keep track of the say K hypotheses and let's say K equals 5 and refer to
k as the beam size at each new timestep.
For these five hypotheses we have the new possible tokens and it would make a total of five hypotheses.
Then you'd want to keep the five best and so.
And to explore a little bit in the code we actually see the establishment of the beam length penalty
weight.
So when we are using Bheem search with this architecture and the decoding this penalty weight influences
how beams are ranked large negative values rank very short beam's first while large positive values
rank very long beam's first a value of zero will not influence the ranking for the Chaput model positive
values between 0 and 2 can be beneficial to help the avoid short generic answers.
If you want to examine some notes on Bheem search within tensor flow I advise you to take a look at
the tensor flow documentation.
You can see the arguments used and the returns to pass in.
It's always helpful to pull that up and also if we jump back into the repository.
We can scroll down and we see here.
I mean enhances a bit so we could read it a little more clearly.
We have the options if we throw the flag of the length penalty.
You could actually establish the mean length penalty when you're chatting with the model on the train
weights.
Or if you train it further and you can set the beam length penalty weight to the number that you want.
I highly advise you to experiment with it see if you can notice any obvious differences when establishing
the beam length penalty and think about how that would be applied and how it can affect the data and
on a last note I want to also mention if we scroll down through the code and Abraham did such an awesome
job writing this code we can see that we have this if an else statement we have.
If the beam is enabled or if it's greater than zero we have our beam for being searched the coding here.
Otherwise we have greedy in our sampling decoding remember we talked about earlier the vanilla sect
who Seck model the implementation of being search.
So it's just a nother great addition of the code related to search.
Those are the three main points that I wanted to touch on.
I hope that you find this information useful.
And there is quite a difference in the architecture so if you have any questions please feel free to
share them in the Q&A.
With that we are going to move on and in the next video we were going to use tensor board as a visualization
tool on the data and then we'll get into running and chatting with the Chapa.
All right I will see you next video.